Add descriptions for device settings in IronOS integration (#36071)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/iron_os.markdown

## Device settings and configuration

The following controls allow you to customize the settings and options for your soldering device. Some controls are deactivated by default, as they are either advanced settings, less critical, or usually do not require adjustment.

### Basic settings

- **Boost temperature:** Sets the temperature for boost mode, which temporarily overrides the soldering temperature when the front button is held down.
- **Sleep temperature:** The temperature the device drops to after a specified period of inactivity (no movement or button presses).
- **Sleep timeout:** The duration of inactivity required before the device enters sleep mode and drops to the sleep temperature.

- **Long-press temperature step:** The temperature adjustment increment when holding down a button. Defaults to 10°.
- **Short-press temperature step:** The temperature adjustment increment when briefly pressing a button. Defaults to 1°.

> - **Motion sensitivity:** Controls how sensitive the device is to movement. Higher values increase sensitivity (e.g., 0 = motion detection off).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Motion sensitivity:** Controls how sensitive the device is to movement. Higher values increase sensitivity (for example, 0 = motion detection is off).
```
